- [Instructor] In this lesson,
we're going to use our JAX-RS client
to make some additional calls against our REST API.
Those calls are going to use the HTTP GET method,
and we'll see two forms of it.
So, to get started, let's talk things over quick.
Within our item facelet,
you'll notice that we added a quantity field
that's displayed regarding the details
of the particular catalog item,
so this shows how much inventory's available.
If we look at the backing bean
for that item facelet,
you can see that we've added a quantity
onto the backing bean of type long.
And then in order to retrieve that quantity,
we are making a call on our inventory service
to the get quantity method
and we supply the catalog item ID.
If we navigate to our remote inventory service,
what we'll see is that
the get quantity method has yet to be implemented
on this resource.
So we're going to work on that.
And the way we're going to create the implementation is
to call our JAX-RS REST API that we built,
and, particularly,
we want to call the inventory items resource.
And within that resource,
we're going to find a resource method
that is find by catalog ID.
So let's talk about this a little.
It expects a HTTP GET to be sent
and it's going to be sent to the /catalog path.
And then you also see
it wants us to provide a query parameter,
so let's go ahead and build out that implementation
within our remote inventory service.
So we'll be using the JAX-RS client, so let's create that.
And then the client is going to target the same API,
so we can use the same API URL,
and then the path was our inventory items resource.
And you'll remember we also need to add
the catalog path on there.
Okay, so we have our target set up.
The next thing we need to do is add the query params.
So there's a query param method that allows us to specify
the name of the query param, and it was catalogItemId.
And then we pass in the value, and in this case,
we need to take our long to a string.
And once that's in place, we can go ahead build the request
and then issue the get.
Now, pay attention to this next part.
Get allows us to provide an argument of type class
that is going to type the response coming back,
so when we make this call to the REST API,
it's going to return Jason representing the inventory item,
and it's able to de-serialize to the class we provide,
and that's the InventoryItem class.
So that's going to be returned from this call,
so let's assign the result of that call
to an inventory item named inventory item
that we will then return the quantity from
in order to satisfy our method implementation here.
Okay, so with that in place,
let's go ahead and we can run our application.
And we'll need to build out a new product,
so we're going to make some gloves,
and then you can see that gloves were created.
And now if we navigate into the item details page,
you can see we got a response back from our REST API.
Okay, so that's one of the ways
that we can build a get request,
and we were able to use a query parameter.
We're going to take a look at another approach
in the next lesson.